Sister is quite beautiful
Daughter will take you to meet an adult
Do you know who Mr. Shen is looking for? I know
Come, come, wait for me.
The woman he is looking for is his great-grandmother
It is said that his great-grandmother practiced the art of immortality
Just like Tianshan Tong
true or false?
Hey
The waiter refills my glass.
Where did that girl go just now?
I'm calling you, I didn't hear you go
Hey you stinky waiter
How do they talk?
Do you not want to live?
Hey, what about you, how dare you ignore me?
brother
that
court death.
You stinky waiter
How dare you scold me!
What a blind waiter
How dare you offend the tyrants
Just don't kneel down and apologize
Kneel down for me
What about you, kneel down
Do you hear me?
Let me tell you something.
You kneel now
Hey
Mind your own business, that waiter bothers me
No, that's not too expensive.
Don't you stop
Open up for me
start
Brother, are you alright?
Let's go!
Kill you really kill you
Bitch, how can you speak?
Roll stinky girl
Stop meddling here
Ouch hello
Good looking
Is this stupid?
For a stupid waiter
Give the wealthy one after another
Are you running fast?
Run!
Brother Mo, run, run